## Skimming

Barthes’ description in The Pleasure of the Text of the pleasure of skimming has struck me again on each of my sallies into that work. That an author who I initially came to partly out of a self-flagellatory hyper intellectualism, would admit to so base a pleasure as skimming was at first confusing, and now, as I have begun to embrace the spirit of that text, celebratory. To me the written word is heavy. I have developed a taste for this heaviness; I rejoice in the surface of the text which I am pressed down upon. But the perforatory pleasure, which to me is less of narrative satisfaction than of free association, is for me the domain of the spoken word. 

I pick up again Swann's Way (the very book Barthes brings up in his talk of perforation). I had read some ways into it a while ago as an act of intellectual self punishment, and had been again disoriented when I found it to be a joyful text, free of guilt. The lamp light color and smell of the old pages, bring up to my mind my favorite passages from my last reading and I go to those. As I drink my earl gray I wake up slowly with Marcel into the overture, and then skip to the end of that section where Combray is dredged up and unfurled in a teacup. I reread this passage, this time into a voice memo. As I read aloud I am made to think of my audience and I imagine reading this passage again later in life when it will bring back memories of this moment, and of reading aloud to someone I love, and of listening to it back in a moment from my phone. At first I stumble over words, but as sometimes happens reading in my head, but more often with the spoken word, the rhythm of the syllables begin to gain momentum, and paragraphs spill out in single breaths. 

I lay on the couch satisfied. Listening to the reading back, my mind is unweighted. In listening, the syllabic momentum which had tumbled me in reading, propels me soaring up away from the surface of the text into free association. When I swing back down I bring these associations to the listening, and see new things in it, until I am flung down again  into reverie of association. I swing harmonically through different levels of attention. I skim not as I did readings for school, but as the sea bird skims low over the surface of water.
