## [1] Cafe Window

A great little still life beside me: a novel with a faded sea blue cover; a generic, reusable plastic cup; my croissant in its self regarding folds on its plastic plate; a large latte— whole milk is fine, yes; a downturned face with foamy cap and streaming trail where I had sipped at it, passing in easy strokes across a tan sky; my cute brown wrap around sunglasses folded up, holding in their arms a big button I found on the ground by the pond. All grey outfit and a sleapy rainbow of a scarf. I sip further on my latte, and tear the golden ruffles. Outside the bike rack makes clean shadows on the ground. 

 The image of the cleaning of the river spirit in Spirited Away, often recurs to me synesthetically. In the guts of small animals killed by my cat: that brown, bone clean mask rising above the tub. The image of the bicycle coming through the slew is especially visceral. In visions where I embarrass myself in public, I sneeze and a bicycle comes out of my nose like the debris in that bathhouse. The bike has a visceral quality: that quality by which, speaking on the subject of bongs being made in the school studio, a ceramics teacher once said she always knew when something was functional; that quality which Henri Bergson says is funny; cringe; the formal function of content(?). 

 The bike on the rack: a body striving to disappear into a meaning, abandoned, disoriented, and alone in a field at sunset, or a bed in the morning; an author who tries and fails, to die in their text; an organ, ‘ment’ to disappear into the actions of a person, nakedly exposed, threatening to reassert its materiality— and at the same time, the bike is noble like an honest asshole; effortlessly stylish as you can only be when you are completely focused on something else, probably some other aesthetic standard which you will only achieve when you cease to cair about that too. 
	
 A group comes out and gathers around the rack, admiring the object and hugging. Bright colors in jackets, aged faces fresh with cold air and places to go. As friends disperse and others come by with different news and embraces, one man in yellow stays, takes a phone call and then turns to the rack and, like a rope let down from heaven into the abyss of not-being, lifts the frame. As he turns to go, the man in yellow, now extended in metal body, turns and looks at me: an apparition; an annotation in a second hand novel which shows through the pages ahead in the lamplight. 
